docs: Update CLI/installed app example to use loopback IP redirect (#589)
googleapis/google-auth-library-ruby: README.md

end
```

### Example (Command Line / Installed App)

Command line and desktop applications should use the Loopback IP redirect flow (`http://localhost`) as recommended in the [OOB Migration Guide](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2/resources/oob-migration).

```ruby
require "googleauth"
require "googleauth/stores/file_token_store"

LOOPBACK_URI = "http://localhost"

scope = "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive"
client_id = Google::Auth::ClientId.from_file "/path/to/client_secrets.json"
token_store = Google::Auth::Stores::FileTokenStore.new file: "/path/to/tokens.yaml"
authorizer = Google::Auth::UserAuthorizer.new client_id, scope, token_store

user_id = ENV["USER"]
credentials = authorizer.get_credentials user_id
if credentials.nil?
  url = authorizer.get_authorization_url base_url: LOOPBACK_URI

>   puts "Open #{url} in your browser and enter the resulting code:"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    puts "Open this URL in your browser:\n#{url}\n\n" \
         "After authorizing, your browser will redirect to a localhost URL (which " \
         "will likely display a connection error). Copy the 'code' parameter value " \
         "from the browser's address bar and enter it here:"
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion! I decided to split it into a few `puts` statements to make it easier to follow as well. PTAL
